adds documentation for flag --primary-key-type=uuid passed to Rails model generator (#46228)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_postgresql.md

NOTE: `gen_random_uuid()` (from `pgcrypto`) is assumed if no `:default` option was
passed to `create_table`.

> To use the Rails model generator to make a table with UUID as the primary key, pass `--primary-key-type=uuid` as a flag to the model generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Rails model generator for a table using UUID as the primary key, pass `--primary-key-type=uuid` to the model generator.
```

> When building a foreign key that will reference this a UUID, treat `uuid` as the field type, for example:

Author: ```suggestion
When building a foreign key that will reference this UUID, treat `uuid` as the native field type, for example:
```

> When building a foreign key that will reference this UUID, treat `uuid` as the native field type, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building a model with a foreign key that will reference this UUID, treat `uuid` as the native field type, for example:
```

> `rails generate model Case device_id:uuid`

Reviewer: This needs a new line but also needs to be code-blocked with ruby like the above examples.

```suggestion
`rails generate model Case device_id:uuid`

```

NOTE: `gen_random_uuid()` (from `pgcrypto`) is assumed if no `:default` option was
passed to `create_table`.

To use the Rails model generator to make a table with UUID as the primary key, pass `--primary-key-type=uuid` as a flag to the model generator.

When building a foreign key that will reference this a UUID, treat `uuid` as the field type, for example:

(in this arbitrary example, a 'case' belongs to a device and so has a foriegn key `device_id` to the `devices` table we made above)

`rails generate model Case device_id:uuid`

> 
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

NOTE: `gen_random_uuid()` (from `pgcrypto`) is assumed if no `:default` option was
passed to `create_table`.

> To use the Rails model generator for a table using UUID as the primary key, pass `--primary-key-type=uuid` to the model generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Rails model generator for a table using UUID as the primary key, pass
`--primary-key-type=uuid` to the model generator.
```

For example:

```ruby
rails generate model Device --primary-key-type=uuid kind:string
```

> When building a model with a foreign key that will reference this UUID, treat `uuid` as the native field type, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building a model with a foreign key that will reference this UUID, treat `uuid`
as the native field type, for example:
```
